I've been waiting on the right
moment to give you this.
Previously on
All The Queen's Men...
This is no ordinary cane.
I respect your integrity.
If you ever decide to really
use your primary resource.
you know where to find me.
What's going on with you?
I didn't go through
with the abortion.
- Why not?
- Amp found out.
He found out
about you and Big D?
No. just the pregnancy.
There's shit
all over the internet.
Yo. that's my address.
Prepare to immerse yourself
in the Garden of Eden.
Perhaps one of Atlanta's top
comeback stories of the year.
I'm standing here next
to Marilyn "Madam" DeVille.
who not too long ago
was on trial for the--
And exonerated.
Absolutely exonerated.
And then shortly afterwards.
she survived a brutal
attempt on her life.
and now she's here celebrating
the reopening of Eden.
one of the city's most
prominent entertainment venues.
which she owns and operates.
So tell me.
how does it feel to be back?
It feels amazing.
The gentlemen are excited
about the evening.
They are ready.
The ladies here
are definitely in for a treat.
And as you said.
tonight is a celebration for me.
I'm just happy I was able
to bring it all together.
Well. I must say.
you do look stunning.
- Thank you very much.
- So. after tonight.
what is next for you then?
Well. you know. I plan on
giving back to the community.
The same community
that has loved me
and supported me
all these years.
I mean. as they say.
I'm for the people.
- Isn't that right. ladies?
- Yes!
Well. I did want to ask you
a couple more questions
if you have time tonight.
But then. you know. tell me...
...what else is on your mind
tonight then?
What did you forget?
Tell me.
what else is on your mind?
That's enough. Thank you.
Excuse me.
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ They know not to play with me
they know I get it started ♪
♪ Asking will I take it easy.
told 'em that it's hard ♪
♪ Asking will I quit.
oh no sir I beg your pardon ♪
♪ They sayin' dat it's light
but I'll turn ♪
♪ This bitch to darkness
♪
♪ It go up.
we don't play around ♪
♪ I won't play about
my dinero ♪
♪ Got some gangsters
in the cut now ♪
♪ And they're doing
what I say so ♪
You sure you're okay?
I will be better
when I know who had the nerve
to fucking shoot me.
We're on it.
Are you?
Because I don't feel like
you on it. Blue.
If you were. then
I would know exactly who it was
that tried
to fucking shoot me.
We're close.
I found the valet
that may have driven the car
that was parked across the
street from Eden on that night.
- A valet?
- Uh-huh.
Had a Brick Lords tattoo.
I figure
it could have been a hit.
since we know they have beef
with the Black Rock Boys.
Then what the fuck
are we waiting for?
Go get these niggas.
We will. okay?
We just gotta check out
a few more things
just so we can be sure.
Then. what the fuck
are you two doing here?
Madam. you shouldn't
be unprotected tonight.
Nigga. I don't need
a fucking babysitter. okay?
Someone put a price on my head.
so I want their heads
cut completely the fuck off.
Yes. Madam.
Go!
I'll stay here.
Keep my eye on everything.
Tommy. you
head back to Mattie B.
see what else you can find out.
But Madam.
I want to stay for the party.
Nigga.
Plus. I made my special cookies.
Can you at least hand 'em out?
Fuck.
Man. Face.
I see you glistening over there.
Ah. You can look.
but don't touch. alright?
Why? 'Cause it's gonna
make his hands turn green?
Nigga. I don't wear fake shit.
And it's courtesy of
my new sponsor.
Did she buy it with
her disability check?
Man. fuck you. Trouble.
Disability check?
What's she talking about?
Babyface's new sponsor
is on a walker.
Man. you always in
somebody's business.
And for your information.
she only on the walker
because she had knee surgery.
Oh. shit.
I didn't know about that.
I thought 'cause
she was old as dirt.
I'm tired of your bald ass.
Man. fuck that
disability shit. Face.
Do your thing.
Come in.
Hey. hey. Auntie.
I'm a little busy.
What you need?
Yeah. um. I'll be quick.
I just wanted to talk to you.
You know.
about the possibility of...
me taking on
a new role here at Eden.
What? A new body role?
No. something with a little
bit more responsibility.
Auntie.
I am extremely grateful
for everything
you've done for me.
But. you know. I can't
really keep dancing forever.
I really want to move up.
Move up to what?
Well. I was thinking more of
a managerial position.
Manager?
Everybody wants to be
the fucking manager.
and no one knows how to manage.
Tell me. Amp. what do you know
about managing a nightclub?
Hell. what do you know
about managing any business.
for that matter?
Look. I don't know a lot.
But you know me.
and I'm willing to learn.
Nigga. this is not an
on-the-job training program. no.
No. I know. Auntie. but listen.
I've been
looking up online classes.
and I figure that I could
get an associate's degree
in business management
in two years. right?
- Amp. look. stop. stop.
- And then with that.
I can just--
Okay. I'm not trying
to hurt your feelings with this.
but I cannot
help but to be honest.
You are an alcoholic ex-con.
with little to no fucking
education and no skills.
Who do you think is gonna
hire you to manage their money?
Huh?
Um...
I was just hoping you would.
Who. Me?
The fuck I look like. a charity?
Nigga--
I cannot hand out a job
to every person that walks into
my office with a sob story. no.
Auntie...
I'm not just anybody.
I'm your family.
That's right.
You are family.
Which is why you have
a job here now. dancing.
Don't fuck that up.
And do not rock the boat.
- Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
Anything else?
No.
I'm good.
Crazy.
Fuego. what happened to you?
I had a little accident
with my knee.
Shit.
A knee injury is not
easy to come back from.
I know.
And. uh.
there's no telling how long
I'ma be out because of it.
I'm just here grabbing
a few things from my locker.
But I don't
want to talk about it.
I see your phone
is still blowing up.
Yeah.
Some chick doxxed me.
Wow. that's crazy.
Tell me about it.
Every time I report something.
something else
pops back up. man.
I'ma be doing
this shit all night.
Yeah. Cleaning that up
is no joke.
Let me see.
You know doxxing someone
is illegal. right?
Really?
Yeah. And once
you find out who it is.
you can even press charges
if you want.
It's probably that damn Nyema.
We'll see.
I'm locating the original
account that doxxed your info.
And once I hack into it.
I can find out who's behind it.
Bingo.
Locating the IP address.
And the Finsta account.
Locating the name.
Confirming it.
You were right.
Nyema Simmons.
Damn.
Yeah. it may take me
a couple days
to scrub the rest
of your personal info.
but after that.
you should be good.
Yo. Doc...
I can't stop her
from doing it again.
Thanks anyway.
No problem.
If I were you. I would change
my number and my passwords.
Hold on.
But all my clientele
is in that phone. bruh.
It's up to you.
If you want your phone
to keep buzzing.
My bad.
Yeah. you right.
- Alright. man.
- Thank you.
Got you.
I don't want this to end.
We should go to VIP.
Um. I'm not
having sex in this club.
Well. my car's parked outside.
Your car? I'm also
not a college student
that wants to get fucked in
the backseat of some car.
I could drive us to your place.
Right. My husband
would love to see you.
Alright.
Let me figure something out.
Okay.
Hurry back.
Damn. good to see you. Smoke.
It's good seeing you. Madam.
Always a pleasure.
I was happy when you called.
I've been wanting to
get my hands dirty lately.
Yeah? Well.
I'm glad to hear that.
Now. this particular
proposition I have for you
is kind of different.
Okay. Well. do tell.
I plan on purchasing
and running a marijuana farm.
Ah. Well. you know I'm
a cannabis horticulturalist.
Oh. I am aware.
Well. I grow and
cultivate my own strain.
I'm working on
a special one now.
Maybe next time I come by.
I can bring you some.
Well. good to hear that.
Because I want to put you
in charge of my grow operation.
Ah.
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
Well. you know.
I'm a little disappointed
you don't need me
to bleed nobody.
But hey. selling weed
is the next best thing.
You don't mind if I take a
little personal use for myself?
- No. not at all.
- Okay.
Just make sure that shit
don't cut into my profits.
Oh. no. ma'am. it will not.
Alright.
well. hey. you got a deal.
As usual.
it's a pleasure seeing you.
- You're looking wonderful.
- Thank you.
- We'll talk soon.
- See you soon. Smoke.
Hey. why do you look so sad?
What's the matter?
Yeah. I just spoke to Madam.
Okay. about?
About not dancing forever.
And about moving up to
a managerial position.
Okay. and what did she say?
She said I basically
don't have what it takes.
And that basically I should
just shut up and keep dancing.
I'm sorry. Amp.
Yeah. maybe she's right. so.
No. babe. don't talk like that.
Just because Madam
doesn't want you to move up
doesn't mean that you can't
find something somewhere else.
I don't know. Dime.
I mean. what skills
do I really have. right?
No. don't talk like that.
You have so many
beautiful talents and gifts.
You can be
and do anything you want.
Dime. a baby coming.
I don't get the time
to figure out
what I want to do or be.
Feel me?
No. Amp.
I don't. I believe in you.
Don't let what Madam said
get in your head. okay?
I'll try not to.
Maybe you
should call your sponsor.
Maybe you're right.
- Let me call Michael. okay?
- Mm-hmm.
I appreciate you.
Mm-hmm. I know.
That's why I keep you around.
Bye. babe.
Come in.
What the fuck happened to you?
I had a little thing
with my knee.
What kind of thing?
I'd rather not go into it.
but I just came from
the hospital
and they said that
I wouldn't be able to dance
for a while.
How long is a while?
I'm not sure yet.
But I just wanted to
let you know
that I wasn't late
because I was slacking off.
Okay. Alright.
I'm still
gonna fine you. though.
I understand.
You need anything?
No. I'm fine.
I just wanted to let you know
what was going on with me.
Well...
since you can't dance.
I will find some
other work for you
so your pockets
don't stay empty.
Thanks. Madam.
I appreciate it.
Mm-hmm.
You can go home. I mean...
nurse that
fucking knee of yours.
Can't do shit
hobbling around here.
Yeah. I guess so.
Thanks again. Madam.
Mm-hmm.
Fuck.
Oh. I see.
you've been waiting to see me.
Well. you talk
so much about Eden.
I wanted to see it
up close and personal.
You want a dance?
No. not now.
I just want to. uh.
soak up the atmosphere.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
.
don't let me stop you doing
from what you normally do.
Alright. I got you. I'll check
with you later. alright?
You do that.
♪ You got time today ♪
♪ So you can have your way.
you got no time to waste ♪
♪ Yeah. use the things I say.
you get it signed away ♪
♪ That mean everything okay ♪
♪ That mean
that everything alright ♪
♪ I mean.
what more I gotta say ♪
♪ I got the time today.
so you can have your way ♪
♪ You got no time to waste ♪
♪ She ain't use the things I
say. you get it signed away ♪
♪ That mean that
everything okay ♪
everything alright ♪
♪ I mean.
what more I got to say ♪
It's kinda spicy.
Okay. So. I paid the liquor
license ahead of time.
I removed
the worker's comp policy.
And I got us caught up
on the insurance
because it was about to lapse.
Hm.
Gold star. Toni.
I was
gonna handle all that shit.
I had it on my to-do list.
- Uh-huh.
- Mm-hmm.
I don't know why you
just don't let me handle
the business stuff
at Mattie B's.
'Cause I don't
trust you like that.
Just because I gave you
one thing to do
and you ran off
and did all that shit
does not mean I'm about to
just turn the books over to you.
Girl. it was
more than one thing.
- Mm.
- I did used to
run this whole place. remember?
Before you took it from me.
And I used to run it
before y'all took it from me.
Man. I seen you out there
dancing on my sponsor.
Who's your sponsor?
Samantha.
Nigga. the lady with the walker.
Oh. I didn't know that was her.
She didn't have her walker.
That's because
she was sitting down.
And I talked about her earlier.
What you talking about?
But fuck all that.
Here at Eden. we got a code.
Well. does your lady
know about the code?
'Cause she asked me for a dance.
My lady don't work here.
But you do.
And around here. we don't
fuck on each other's tippers.
You know. you're right.
I didn't realize that was her.
She didn't have her walker.
You ain't gotta worry.
It won't happen again.
Yeah. You make sure it don't.
Damn.
Come in.
Hey. Madam.
You wanted to see me?
Yeah. how you feeling?
I'm good.
Couple stab wounds
ain't gonna stop me.
How you doing?
I'm good. too.
Bullet ain't gonna stop me.
Here. this is for you.
- You shouldn't have.
- Nigga. I didn't.
Your fan mail obviously got
mixed in with my well wishes.
What?
Let me see.
"I miss you so much.
it cuts like a knife."
Wait. is this from that bitch
that stabbed you?
I think so. Shit been
kinda weird since then.
Look. Night.
I can ban this bitch
from the club
so she doesn't get
close to you here. but...
what does your gun situation
look like at home?
- Oh. you know. I'm strapped.
- Good.
Then keep it that way.
Now. if this bitch
shows up here.
I want you to body her.
Say less.
The secret to a good soufflé
is to use a metal bowl
when beating the egg whites
to achieve the best peaks.
Hm.
Rick Lawrence.
What you up to?
Come in.
Madam. there's a man
in the hallway
that wants to talk to you.
Who is it?
I've never seen him before.
But he told me to give you this.
Says you know what it means.
Let him in.
You want me to...
Mm-mm. I'll handle it.
Let's find out.
They partying with tusi?
So. you must be Sy.
And you must be
the infamous Madam.
Your beauty is more striking
than your reputation.
Why. thank you.
I'm sure you didn't come
all the way here
to shower me with compliments.
You're correct.
I'm here on business.
Really?
I was under the impression
that our business
would remain anonymous.
Not when you have
accrued more debt.
I am so sorry.
but you must be mistaken.
You see. I do not leave
outstanding bills.
Two of my men are dead.
Sandra Jiminez was
the last job they completed.
Oh. well.
Sorry for your loss.
But I didn't kill 'em.
I assume you didn't.
And I couldn't get an answer
I needed from your dancer.
He won't be
El Fuego for a while.
Nevertheless.
any agreement we had before.
they are buried along
with my men on your land.
Well. it sounds to me.
Sy. like your men.
they should have been
a bit more careful.
If anyone should be careful.
Miss DeVille...
it's you.
Are you threatening me?
Merely a suggestion
to proceed
with the utmost caution.
As far as my men. I require...
half a million in compensation
for each one of them.
Um. Sy.
you cannot come into my office
and demand money from me.
When one of my men
turns up dead...
businesses slow down.
As a broker.
I have a reputation to uphold.
You. of all people. should
understand that. Miss DeVille.
Okay. That's valid.
So. you said
a half a million?
Each.
Very well. Blue!
Yes. Madam?
I need you to escort
this gentleman to our vault
so he can collect his payment.
Follow me.
Glad that we can see eye to eye.
So am I.
Hey. baby.
Couldn't wait 'til
I get off for us to get off.
I'm not out here for sex.
That's too bad.
You're making my dick hard
just standing there.
Listen. I'm not playing games
with you. Quincy. Seriously.
I thought you liked
when we played games.
You stole something from me.
You can't prove it.
Is that right?
Because if I had the police
dust the keypad on my safe.
they'd find your fingerprints.
Maybe we should have
them dust off
what I found inside
your safe instead.
What do you want?
Seems to me...
there's a $20.000 reward
for Madam's shooter.
And Madam's shooter ought
to give me $100.000
to keep my mouth shut.
$100.000? What the fuck
are you talking about?
It's your call.
I can turn you into the police.
or I can hand you over to Madam.
Fine.
I just don't have that type
of money just sitting around.
It's going to take me some time.
It's all good.
I know where you live.
- Hi.
Here's the night deposit back.
I need you to take it
to the bank.
What? You want me to stop by
the bank at this time of night?
Yeah. You strapped.
I don't like guns.
Whose daughter are you?
Cadillac would be
so disappointed.
Well. I guess I can stop by
there when my shift ends.
Okay.
It'll be daylight
by then anyway.
Yeah. You'll be fine.
I mean. you said you
wanted to work here.
This is part of the work.
I need to go take this bra off.
Oh. my goodness.
- Good night.
- Alright. good night.
Thank you for taking care
of that for me.
- I got you.
- Uh-huh.
Hey.
Yo. thanks for meeting me. man.
I'm your sponsor.
I couldn't leave you hanging.
- Yeah.
- I listened to your message.
It sounds like
you're going through a lot.
Yeah. man. That's for sure.
Well. what's going on?
Well...
I just don't know
where. like. my life is going.
Like. I don't know
what the next step is.
Well. the good news is
you don't have to figure out
your whole life right now.
That's why we call it steps.
True. but...
What happens when the innocence
that you thought you had
right in front of you
just disappears?
Well. sometimes you gotta let
go of what you're holding on to
in order
to receive something new.
Just keep working the program.
You'll figure it out.
I hope so. man.
I actually hope I figure it
out before nine months.
Wait a minute. Are you saying...
- Dime is pregnant.
- That's fantastic. man.
- Congratulations.
- Oh. thank you.
Let that be your fuel.
Just keep working the steps.
The answers will come.
- I guess I have to. right?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I just want
to say thank you. man.
like you're always there for me.
Amp. I've been looking all
over for you. You have a VIP.
- Yeah.
- Who are you?
Hi. I'm Michael.
a friend of Amp's.
I'm not paying you
to have playdates.
Look. I gotta go. man.
- Yeah.
- I appreciate you.
Let's grab some coffee
when you get off.
Yeah. bet.
Ma'am.
Is everything good here?
Does it look like it's not?
What'd you find out
at Mattie B's?
Brick Lords are selling drugs
from the valet stands
at Mattie B's.
Those grimy...
They know better than
to sell drugs
on the Black Rocks territory.
Exactly what I said.
Makes sense on why they
want to take Madam's place.
And they're using their cars
to do all the criminal shit.
Hell. I ain't mad
at the hustle.
Anybody that
gets a license plate.
traces it back to another.
Yeah. I guess I got to
give them props for that. too.
But after I nail
they nuts to a chair.
Oh. I was right
about the gray sedan.
I knew he didn't have
anything to do with this.
Damn. You was right.
Oh. well. What are
we doing about the valet?
That nigga like cars?
Let's take his ass for a ride.
You call this shit clean?
I can still see lipstick
on the rim.
Clean my glass real properly.
The next stain on it's
gonna be your lazy-ass blood.
Thank you.
Detective Davis.
Now. why are you here
sniffing around for dick
instead of out there
looking for my shooter?
Your people are making it
really hard for me to do my job.
I think my people are
doing your job for you.
You should be here thanking me
instead of complaining.
We pulled
the footage around Eden
on the night of the shooting.
We noticed that
there's three hours missing.
- Really?
- Yes. really.
Well. I guess systems fail just
as much as you do. don't they?
You know what? I don't give
a fuck who shot you. I don't.
In fact. whoever did.
I wish they were a better shot.
But since I can't cha-cha slide
on your grave right now.
I have a job to do.
So. tell your people to stop
fucking with my investigation.
Oh. you're a little
spicy tonight. I see.
I hear a dry pussy
will do that to a bitch.
You should really wipe
that smile off your face.
Because this is still
an active investigation.
and I can pull all your people
in for obstruction of justice.
Mm. Are you mad that
my people are further along
on this
investigation than yours?
Do yourself a favor.
Go threaten somebody
who gives a fuck.
Enjoy the dick.
Hey. Katrina.
Can I talk to you?
You're not afraid to
speak to me in public anymore?
You're not afraid that your boss
is going to see you
talking to me?
Just come on.
When I tell you to get
a hamburger for me.
don't put cheese on my shit.
Man. go clean that shit up.
Damn.
Yo. let me holler
at you for a second.
Now. I know you're not
touching me.
Yo. chill.
I'm just trying to put
some money in your pockets.
Do I look like
I need money from you?
I know how we can get it
fast and easy. though.
Fast and easy. huh?
What you got?
I just did a dance for
a mother and her daughter.
It got me thinking.
A lot of women might want
to see a father and a son duo.
Me dance with you?
Hell. no.
Here me out.
I got skills.
And you ain't half bad when
your knees ain't acting up.
So you got jokes.
I'm just messing. man.
But it's a way
we both can come up.
What you think?
I think
that's not going to work.
Nobody want to see no father
and son performance.
- But?
- But...
you're an amateur and I'm VIP.
Make it make sense.
I'll never
share a stage with you.
It was just an idea.
Yeah. a dumb one.
I am not going to talk to
Nyema because you drugged her.
This is your problem.
But what she's doing is illegal.
And what you did isn't?
That's the most pot
calling the kettle black
bullshit I've ever heard.
People are calling me a rapist.
What? What people?
What are you talking about?
These people. I mean.
These people are calling me.
Look. they got my address.
They got my phone number.
They're sending me
death threats every day.
And that's not even half of
what's online and in my phone.
All right. Fine. Let me see.
Come in.
Yo. Madam. Mind if
I holler at you for a minute?
It's a minute you could
be making some money.
So. make it quick
and make sure it's good.
Yo. so I got this money making
idea. It's a game changer.
Well. have a seat.
So I was dancing on this
mother and her daughter. right?
And they was really into it.
I'm talking about throwing
dollars from left to right.
They was on me. Madam.
Okay. Is that not what
they're supposed to do?
Yeah. true.
But it gave me this idea. right?
So. what if me and Quincy
did a father and son routine?
I could see that.
Right.
Mayor Watson.
I'm surprised to see you here.
How can I help you?
Well. I was in the neighborhood
and I wanted
to follow up with you
about
the shooting investigation.
Any new information?
Unfortunately. no.
Nothing new has come in
and I've exhausted all my leads.
So. the evidence hasn't
presented anything new?
No.
So what about your suspects?
Who's at the top of your list?
It's too premature to tell
right now. but rest assured.
I've questioned
any person with a motive.
Hm. I'm sure that's an extensive
list for someone like Madam.
Hm. It sure is.
Yeah.
You know. it just occurred to me
that I haven't taken
a statement from you yet.
Why would you? I'm not
an enemy of Marilyn DeVille.
Yes. but we all know
that you guys have had
a challenging past
and I'm sure that you weren't
happy. you know. with the events
that happened
at your groundbreaking ceremony.
Well. who would be
happy with that fiasco?
It was a PR nightmare
for my office.
- It was?
- Yeah.
So. where were you on
the night that Madam was shot?
You can't be serious.
Trust me. it's just as
awkward for me to ask you.
but I do have to get
a statement from everyone.
I'm not everyone.
I'm the mayor.
Yes. so are you suggesting
that because you hold
a position of power
that you're above the law?
I'm suggesting that you remember
who hires the chief of police.
Your boss.
Threatening my job
versus just answering
the question is not a good look.
You know. if I wasn't looking
at you as a suspect before.
I am certainly looking
at you that way now.
Fine. If you must know...
I was home all night.
Can anyone corroborate that?
I had a companion at the house.
Companion?
Okay. I'm going to need
that companion's name
and contact number.
You know
this is unnecessary. right?
Don't worry. I'll keep
your sexual exploits discreet.
Why don't you leave your
judgment for someone else?
I know who you are.
Is that all?
For now.
Thank you.
Nyema.
Detective Davis.
you need something?
Actually. yes.
I got a complaint from
Kenny Haynes.
- Who's that?
- Don't act like
you don't know who that is.
You put his personal information
all over the internet.
Oh. you know about that.
Half of Atlanta knows about it.
I am trying so hard to help you.
You know.
you could go to jail for that.
I'll happily go to jail
for something I believe in.
Damn it. Nyema.
This is detrimental
for all of us.
A police department employee
doxxing a civilian
is a blemish on
the entire department.
Not to mention.
if you lose your job again.
there's no coming back.
- But--
- No buts. okay? Take it down.
Take it down now before you
ruin your entire career.
Okay. I hear you.
I'll take down the posts.
Hm. That's a little light. Doc.
Yeah. right.
I made a bag tonight.
I'm just playing with you.
This is good.
Here. Dime.
- Thank you. Big D.
- Fo' sho'.
Midnight. you're up.
Midnight.
Yo. Night.
What's up. man? Tip out.
We're going to get
something to eat. bro.
My bad. y'all.
I just caught up in
this video of...
the cops fucking up
another brother.
- Damn!
- Oh. shit.
But he's already down.
Oh no. this is fucked up.
- Not even moving.
- I don't want to see this.
What's in your hand?
- Damn.
- Quit reaching!
This is bullshit.
Get down on the ground. now!
Wait. that's...
Oh shit.
that's Rayshon!
- What?
- Shit.
After a much anticipated wait.
the reopening of Eden
appears to be a success.
Marilyn "Madam" DeVille is back
at the top of her game.
Now. Sy.
you said something
a bit earlier that really.
really stuck with me.
You see. I too have
a reputation to uphold.
And my reputation is
that I do not allow
for someone
to come into my club
and demand money from me
for some shit I don't owe.
After being found not
guilty in court
and surviving
an assassination attempt.
she truly is
a proverbial phoenix
who rose from the ashes.
I tell you. I do not take kindly
to someone injuring my dancers.
Because now.
you're fucking with my money.
And I have to say.
I saw a lot of happy ladies
leaving the venue tonight.
And with me.
I actually have a patron
who agreed to stay behind
and talk to us.
So. how did it go?
Ooh. we had a time tonight.
We love Madam.
She's such a good woman.
Don't even waste
your breath. sweetheart.
See that gag
that's in your mouth?
It's not in there
to prevent you from breathing
or even from talking.
The gag is in your mouth
to prevent people
from hearing you scream.
Say what you want to say about
her. but the people have spoken.
Miss DeVille
is a highly respected
and beloved member
of this community.
Tommy. pass me your knife.
Thank you.
Fucking amateur.
♪ Yeah. I'm a boss bitch.
I call my own shots ♪
♪ Get what I want
spinnin' around the block ♪
♪ I'm a boss bitch.
no you can't catch me ♪
♪ I don't chase. I attract.
I be where the money at ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm a boss bitch.
I call my own shots ♪
♪ Get what I want ♪